c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetHack\NetHack\obj\x86\Debug\NetHack.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetHack\NetHack\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\SDL.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetHack\NetHack\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Graphics\bgLayer1.xnb
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetHack\NetHack\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Graphics\bgLayer2.xnb
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetHack\NetHack\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Graphics\endMenu.xnb
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetHack\NetHack\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Graphics\explosion.xnb
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetHack\NetHack\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Graphics\gameFont.xnb
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetHack\NetHack\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Graphics\laser.xnb
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetHack\NetHack\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Graphics\LinkSheet.xnb
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetHack\NetHack\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Graphics\mainbackground.xnb
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetHack\NetHack\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Graphics\mainMenu.xnb
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetHack\NetHack\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Graphics\mine.xnb
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetHack\NetHack\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Graphics\mineAnimation.xnb
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetHack\NetHack\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Graphics\player.xnb
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetHack\NetHack\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Graphics\shipAnimation.xnb
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetHack\NetHack\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\NetHack.exe
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetHack\NetHack\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\NetHack.pdb
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetHack\NetHack\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetHack\NetHack\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetHack\NetHack\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\OpenTK.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetHack\NetHack\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Tao.Sdl.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetHack\NetHack\obj\x86\Debug\NetHack.exe
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetHack\NetHack\obj\x86\Debug\NetHack.pdb
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetHack\NetHack\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\SpriteXML\Airship.xml
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetHack\NetHack\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\SpriteXML\LinkSheet.xml
